Maybe there's a little something happening right here. This is the time to get out all your flustrations, much better than kicking the dog around the house or taking it out on your spouse. It just happens - whether or not you worried about it or tried to plan it. It's almost like something out of a fairytale book. If there's two big trees invariably sooner or later there's gonna be a little tree.

At home you have unlimited time. Isn't that fantastic that you can make whole mountains in minutes? Van Dyke Brown is a very nice brown, it's almost like a chocolate brown. Volunteering your time; it pays you and your whole community fantastic dividends. I spend a lot of time walking around in the woods and talking to trees, and squirrels, and little rabbits and stuff.

We can fix anything. We'll put some happy little leaves here and there. I thought today we would make a happy little stream that's just running through the woods here. Just use the old one inch brush.

Let's make a happy little mountain now. Mountains are so simple, they're hard. This is where you take out all your hostilities and frustrations. It's better than kicking the puppy dog around and all that so. Maybe, just to play a little, we'll put a little tree here.

Just go out and talk to a tree. Make friends with it. We tell people sometimes: we're like drug dealers, come into town and get everybody absolutely addicted to painting. It doesn't take much to get you addicted. The secret to doing anything is believing that you can do it. Anything that you believe you can do strong enough, you can do. Anything. As long as you believe.

Maybe there's a happy little waterfall happening over here. Those great big fluffy clouds. You can do anything your heart can imagine. Learn when to stop. A beautiful little sunset.

Anything you want to do you can do here. No pressure. Just relax and watch it happen. Clouds are free they come and go as they please. You create the dream - then you bring it into your world. Maybe we got a few little happy bushes here, just covered with snow.

